TFKUBE-247: Prepare the documentation for GA release (#132)
atlassian-labs/data-center-terraform: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## 1.0.0

**Release date:** 2022-01-31

* Improved documentation

> * Changed the defualt values in configuration template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the default values in the configuration template
```

* Resume the Bamboo server after installation
* Improved install and uninstall scripts

> * Made the product version, Bamboo software and Bamboo agent resources configurable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added optional configuration for Bamboo version and resources available to Bamboo DC and Bamboo agents
```

* Improved the end to end tests

> * Changed the default product version (Bamboo software and Bamboo agent Helm charts) to `1.0.0`

Reviewer: Can we list the product version that we have updated to as well?

Author: I removed this line as this change is done as part of version `0.0.2` and already we have it in change log

> * Changed the maximum length for environment name to 24 characters

Reviewer: We also now restrict the environment to lowercase letters as well.

Author: done
